Will of Steel

Will of Steel is a JSW platform that honours successful woman with inspirational stories of the twenty first century.
Check out the website for max inspiration.

www.willofsteel.in
2)
Pink Mud

Pink Mud represents the essence of a woman. it is perfume brand that aims to bind women with their attractive fragrances at irresistible prices.

www.pinkmud.in
3)

Hammer and Kop

One of the oldest professional home cleaning experts,
Hammer and Mop focus on delivering a customized premium offering home cleaning,
upkeep and maintenance needs.

4)

Explorate

Explorate is the ultimate stop to find the perfect attire for any occassion!

www.explorate.in

5)

Doodles Creatives

From social media in 2012 to 360 degree marketing solution agency in 2015,
Doodle Creatives has doodled a long way.

www.doodlecreatives.com

6)

GBS

The Global Business Summit is an annual confrerence held by the Economics Times.

www.et-gbs.com


7)

#Betheirsuperhero
Youtube Gadget

A Social Campaign against the use of firecrackers on Diwali. The harmful effects of the loud noises
of the same were highlighted through a video portraying dogs with placards.
The campaign went within 3 days and over 50,000 shares on Facebook,
along with various media platforms covering it.


8)
Cornetto
Youtube Gadget

Valentines Day. Cornetto Cupidity. The Cornetto Cupidity, a social features that invited fans of Cornetto in India to do something "stupid"
and declare their love via a romantic song.

Fans could create their own poem,lyrics or even a simple message and watch
the Cornetto Cupid deliver a video to the recipinent,who then free to show
their love off on their Facebbok timeline.

9)
Ponds
Youtube Gadget

Ponds present their Selfieready contest.
Featuring the 30 best selfie on billboards
across 6 major cities and ponds BB selfie ready hampers to the next 100 best selfies.

10)
Grazia

An app with your very own virtual mannequin ready for you to doll up for an occasion of your choice!
 
	
